
# Considered issues

- OpenGL object destruction protocol: API, abstraction possibilities.
- `context::targets::Target` in it's current iteration violates Interface segregation principle
```rust
pub unsafe trait Target {
    const BIND_TARGET: GLenum;
}
```

Detailed description:
Current interface does not accurately represent gl objects that have single valid bind target or more specifically, objects without associated target constant.

Possible discussion:
The easiest solution is to make `BIND_TARGET` be `Option<GLenum>`. This reduces objects with multiple bind targets have no way of expressing it though type.
A type safer solution would be to do something similar to `Eq` / `PartialEq` more verbose since the `Partial Target` (?  work in progress).
Then it's higher resolution basically. Clients who need Target will get valid `Target` and others can use super type `Partial Target`.
I don't particularly like tha `Partial` prefix. It emphasises the similarity between these traits and `Eq` / `PartialEq` but the partial prefix comes from the relation of partial equality and `Target` is not in any way related to some mathematical concept.
Yet another way would be to name them `TargetProvider` and `Bindable` ? But this mixes two naming conventions and the relation is not really clear here.
Maybe KISS and just go with `OptionalTarget` / `MaybeTarget`?

One moment, is Target even useful?
Target types are obviously better than raw consts, how can it be used?
Objects will need to be bound to context in order to be used. Then at some point there will need to exist invocation like
`glBind*` and which exact function should be called needs to be known.

Instant idea: `Target` hierarchy. Targets for the same object will subtype a OpenGL object type trait eg: `Buffer`?
Note this can also be achieved though parametric polymorphism

After some academic discussion I decided to scrap the `Target` in its current form and instead create separate trait for each module.
This is because the earlier iteration does not provide any useful information. One would be able to be generic over any type of OpenGL target but that really is not that useful. Target (even if optional) does not allow for binding of any sort since different targets correspond to different OpenGL object types. Object types determine the `glBind*` function variant that should be used.

As of now I do see little functionality common to ALL objects except perhaps the ability to name them with the string, but that's not in any sense part of the `Target` trait.

To sum up. Different bind targets in opengl will be now split into different modules containing local `Target` definitions.
These then can server as meaningful trait bounds on generics for handles that bind and manage OpenGL object life cycle.

THERE IS AN IMPOSTOR AMONGUS.

the following:
```rust
mod targets {
    /* Maybe some access privileges here */ unsafe trait Target {
        const BIND_TARGET: GLenum;
    }
    
    pub mod buffer {
        pub trait Target: super::Target { }
        
        // type example
        pub struct Array;
        unsafe impl super::Target for Array { const BIND_TARGET: GLenum = todo!(); }
        impl Target for Array { }
        
        fn foo() {
            // this does not work until super::Target is imported
            Array::BIND_TARGET 
        }
        
    }
}
```

This makes me lean toward separate traits I guess. Since traits (I think) need to be imported in order to reference `BIND_TARGET` then their names would clash? Well for `BIND_TARGET` reference the `use foo::bar::Target as _` syntax would do? And maybe trait bound syntax would work normally with `buffer::Target`? 
But this is ugly: there are to separate way to do things and possibly lots of use statements.
Point for separate markers per OpenGL Object type.
